[DataGrid] Remove showToolbar prop (#948)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/columns/columns.md

## Column selector

> To enable the column selector in the toolbar you need to add the `Header: GridHeader` the `components` grid prop.

Reviewer: These instruction don't seem to match the demo that follows. If I understand correctly, it should read:

```suggestion
To enable the the toolbar you need to add `Toolbar: GridToolbar` to the grid `components` prop.
```

Do we need to document this for each of the toolbar functions?

Author: Thank you. I tried to replace it where I could find it. I think they should be mentioned in the places where the respective feature docs are.
